[Music]
when you wake up you don't know that
today be the day to change at life
grace please tell me what happened what
did he do to you
[Music]
I've been so lonely since my divorce I
don't love somebody one you loved you
need to get him out this house and meet
somebody get the CDs in the right light
and the best lighting in the room is
right here
okay hey is a beautiful sari
tell me something I mean I know you've
had many young women I was just
wondering why me
shouldn't the question be why not you I
was falling hard I didn't know that a
man could be that perfect the
environment there was a well
happy it's tough but look that's when
everything I knew what are you talking
to grace they don't like being checked
up all
mr. Clyde would like to see you in the
conference room right away okay you have
24 hours to return the money well you're
going to jail
what
somebody got into account they got my
passwords somebody has stolen my
identity I can't believe you'd do this
to me go to jail I'm your husband you
know the laws of this state the money's
mine
chef Fox you made this to me I mean your
age low-hanging fruit
we're outside the Holloway Correctional
Facility where grace waters is being
held something isn't adding up I swear
wasn't there was my body it's gone this
is so there's so much more of a story if
you knew something and you didn't tell
the police
that's a cot right
[Music]
and to our friends are you covering for
her objection your honor
this is unfit it's your job to walk into
that courtroom and make it fair
[Music]
don't wait
if you see the devil won't you tell them
I'm coming
you